okay children let's take our seats we
have a lot to learn today we sure do mr.
hat okay children let's start the day
with a few new math problems what is
five times to come on children don't be
shy just give it your best shot yes
Clyde plow okay now let's try to get an
answer from someone who's not a complete
retard anyone come on don't be shy I
think I don't answer mr. garrison that
play I don't got it thank you fucking
Jew Eric did you just say the f-word you
know he talked about fuck you can't fake
fucking school you fucking fat at Carl
Wayne effect night Eric did you just say
fuck against family boom Kenny what's
the big deal it doesn't hurt anybody how
would you like to go see the school
counselor how would you like to shut my
bud what the juice i I'm sorry I'm sorry
actually what I said was holy shit dude
thank you all for coming on such short
notice this just isn't like you Stanley
what did my son say mr Mackey did he say
the estuary no it was worse than that be
half white well here's a short list of
the things they've been saying oh dear
god what the heck does a rim job oh why
that's when you put your legs behind
your head and have someone lick you
some people might like to get it tried
to work or drive
and hubby more a mug
some guys like to travel in my bus but I
can't be bothered with a fuss today I
gotta take my bike cuz once again the
tubes aren't strike the greedy bastards
one extra pay for sitting on their ass
all day even though they are 30 k so I'm
standing here in the pouring rain where
the fuck's my fucking train london
underground they're all lazy fucking
useless cunt london underground to grow
they're all pretty cunts i want to shoot
them all
all they say is please mind the doors
and they
and on the tune of course this job could
be done by a four-year-old they just
leave us freezing in the cold what you
smell is what you get Burger King and
piss and sweat you roast to death in the
boiling heat with tourists reading on
your feet and chewing gum on every seat
so don't tell me to mind the gap I want
my fucking money back london underground
they're all lazy fucking useless cunt
london underground they're all greedy
cuts i wanna shoot them all with a rifle
laws are sticky and the sea to damp
every platform has a fucking trap but
the divers get the day off when we're
all late for work again london
underground while wankers they're awake
is London Underground take your oyster
card and shove it up your asshole